Google ldap doc updates (#7268)
inverse-inc/packetfence: docs/installation/google_workspace_ldap.asciidoc

    ... Password: The access credentials password
    ... Client Certificate: The .crt file text from the downloaded certificate bundle
    ... Client Key: The .key file text from the downloaded certificate bundle

>   .. You will also need to configure several values for the Authentication Source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. You will also need to these properties for the Authentication Source:
```

    ... Host: `ldap.google.com` / Port: `636` / Type: `SSL`
    ... SSL Verify Mode: `None`
    ... Base DN: (this is the ldap path for your domain.. usually something like this: `dc=example,dc=com` if your email is @example.com)
        You might have to add `ou=Users,` as a prefix in some cases, so it would be `ou=Users,dc=example,dc=com` 
    ... Scope: `Subtree`
    ... Username Attribute: `uid` (unless you've heavily customized your Google Workspace directory)
    ... Email Attribute: `mail` 
    ... Associated Realms: You'll need to match a previously created realm which matches your `example.com` domain. This will let the system strip the domain part when searching for the user and also let the system know which source to use for which specific realms (the @example.com part of the username) are used for each source.

>   .. For Authentication and Administration rules, you can match against google group membership (if you have configured google to allow group membership access - this is done when creating the ldap client on the Google workspace configuration page on Google's side, not on PacketFence). In that case, you want to use the condtionn `memberOf`, a match of `equals` and the value of `cn=mygroupname,ou=Groups,dc=example,dc=com` if your group is called "mygroupname`. Keep in mind that nested group membership does not work via ldap for google workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. For Authentication and Administration rules, you can match against google group membership (if you have configured google to allow group membership access - this is done when creating the LDAP client on the Google workspace configuration page on Google's side, not on PacketFence). In that case, you will want to use the condition `memberOf`, a match of `equals` and the value of `cn=mygroupname,ou=Groups,dc=example,dc=com` if your group is called "mygroupname`. Keep in mind that nested group membership does not work via ldap for google workspace.
```
